Documentation for Data Prepper's kafka buffer (#5689)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/buffers/kafka.md

        match:
          message: [ "%{COMMONAPACHELOG}" ]
  sink:
    - stdout:
```

## Configuration options

Use the following configuration options with the `kafka` buffer.

Option | Required | Type | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
`bootstrap_servers` | Yes | String list | The host and port for the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. You can configure multiple Kafka brokers by using the IP address or the port number for each broker. When using [Amazon MSK](https://aws.amazon.com/msk/) as your Kafka cluster, the bootstrap server information is obtained from MSK using the MSK Amazon Resource Name (ARN) provided in the configuration.
`topics` | Yes | List | A list of [topics](#topic) to use. You must supply one topic per buffer.
`authentication` | No | [Authentication](#authentication) | Sets the authentication options for both the pipeline and Kafka. For more information, see [Authentication](#authentication).
`encryption` | No | [Encryption](#encryption) | The encryption configuration for encryption-in-transit. For more information, see [Encryption](#encryption).
`aws` | No | [AWS](#aws) | The AWS configuration. For more information, see [aws](#aws).

### topic

> Each `topic` configures a single Kafka topic and how to use that Kafka topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `topic` option configures a single Kafka topic and tells the `kafka` buffer use that topic.
```

Reviewer: Does this work @natebower?

Reviewer 2: Yes, but "to" before "use".

`region` | No | String | The AWS region of the KMS key.
`sts_role_arn` | No | String | The STS role ARN to use for accessing the KMS key.
`encryption_context` | No | Map | When provided, messages sent to the topic will include this map as KMS encryption context.

### Authentication

The following option is required inside the `authentication` object.

Option | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
`sasl` | JSON object | The Simple Authentication and Security Layer (SASL) authentication configuration.

### SASL

Use one of the following options when configuring SASL authentication.

Option | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
`plaintext` | JSON object | The [PLAINTEXT](#sasl-plaintext) authentication configuration.
`aws_msk_iam` | String | The Amazon MSK AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) configuration. If set to `role`, the `sts_role_arm` set in the `aws` configuration is used. Default is `default`.

#### SASL PLAINTEXT

The following options are required when using the [SASL PLAINTEXT](https://kafka.apache.org/10/javadoc/org/apache/kafka/common/security/auth/SecurityProtocol.html) protocol.

Option | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---

> `username` | String | The username for the PLAINTEXT auth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`username` | String | The username for the PLAINTEXT authentication.
```

> `password` | String | The password for the PLAINTEXT auth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`password` | String | The password for the PLAINTEXT authentication.
```

#### Encryption

Use the following options when setting SSL encryption.

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`type` | No | String | The encryption type. Use `none` to disable encryption. Default is `ssl`.
`insecure` | No | Boolean | A Boolean flag used to turn off SSL certificate verification. If set to `true`, certificate authority (CA) certificate verification is turned off and insecure HTTP requests are sent. Default is `false`.

> #### AWS

Reviewer 2: Should this be "aws"?

> #### AWS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### aws
```

Use the following options when setting up authentication for `aws` services.

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`region` | No | String | The AWS Region to use for credentials. Defaults to [standard SDK behavior to determine the Region](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/latest/developer-guide/region-selection.html).
`sts_role_arn` | No | String | The AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) role to assume for requests to Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) and Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3). Default is `null`, which will use the [standard SDK behavior for credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/latest/developer-guide/credentials.html).
`msk` | No | JSON object | The [MSK](#msk) configuration settings.

> #### MSK

Reviewer 2: Should this be "msk"?

> #### MSK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### msk
```

Use the following options inside the `msk` object.

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---

> `arn` | Yes | String | The [MSK ARN](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/msk/1.0/apireference/configurations-arn.html) to use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`arn` | Yes | String | The [Amazon MSK ARN](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/msk/1.0/apireference/configurations-arn.html) to use.
```

> `broker_connection_type` No | String | The type of connector to use with the MSK broker, either `public`, `single_vpc`, or `multi_vpc`. Default is `single_vpc`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`broker_connection_type` No | String | The type of connector to use with the Amazon MSK broker, either `public`, `single_vpc`, or `multi_vpc`. Default is `single_vpc`.
```
